# MScDSA-MDS171-23122008-Anushya

Name: Anushya Francisca E.P
Reg No.: 23122008
Class: MScDS-A
Email: anushya.francisca@msds.christunniversity.in

LAB01 QUESTION:

Create a Python File (Lab 01.ipynb) that will print your name and upload the file in GitHub using the command line.

LINK: https://github.com/AnushyaFranicisca/MScDSA-MDS171-23122008-Anushya/blob/main/LAB01.ipynb

LAB02 QUESTION:

The Name Collector's Quest

In a quaint little village named Harmonyville, there lived a curious individual named Alex. Alex was known for his passion for collecting names. His dream was to create an extensive list of unique names that would reflect the diversity and camaraderie of the village. Alex used to sit in the village junction; as the villagers passed, Alex eagerly approached them and asked for their names. With each encounter, they diligently recorded the names in his notepad.

To keep things organized, You were one among the villagers and have decided to create a program to assist them in this endeavour. You asked Alex to begin by defining a list on his laptop instead of his notepad, and you started writing functions to add names.

The function that you have defined should do

Whenever a new name is encountered, record it.
If an existing name comes, the program says the name exists.
Alex makes a lot of mistakes; your program also has to do the necessary validations.
The function quits when q is entered as a name and prints all the names in the list, and then he has to call the function.
As a data analyst of the village, analyse the names in the list.
Days turned into weeks and weeks into months. Alex's name collection grew beyond their wildest dreams. The villagers admired their dedication and the beautifully organized list they had created. Alex's program became a legend in Harmonyville, passed down from generation to generation.

And so, in the heart of the village, Alex's legacy lived on - a story of names, community, and the power of coding to bring dreams to life.

Note:
File name ‘Lab 02.ipynb’
Update README.md file with the question and link to the file.
Note the mistakes Alex will make, find solutions for them, and implement them in the program.
Explain the analysis that you are planning to do and the results.
Concepts to be used: List, Pre Defined Functions, User Defined Functions

LINK:

LAB03 QUESTION:
The Tale of Numbers' Harmony

In the serene village of Arithmetica, numbers were not just symbols; they were living entities that coexisted in perfect harmony. Each number had a distinct personality, contributing to the village's balance and order. But occasionally, the numbers would come together for a special event called the Harmony Gathering. During the harmony gathering, the event starts with identifying their Five Point Summary or Descriptive Statistics. 

For the given set of numbers who arrived for the Harmony Gathering today, can you help the people in Arithmetica find their descriptive statistics?

[761, 123, 585, 275, 194, 840, 999, 622, 763, 40, 825, 687, 402, 338, 611, 987, 739, 95, 819, 568, 320, 126, 688, 948, 514, 223, 751, 379, 857, 767, 492, 162, 437, 934, 430, 343, 725, 511, 580, 678, 708, 823, 346, 179, 786, 663, 195, 890, 267, 502, 214, 300, 786, 961, 235, 559, 992, 919, 948, 318, 57, 787, 653, 317, 305, 172, 966, 182, 970, 17, 89, 624, 629, 595, 485, 752, 984, 978, 460, 124, 321, 256, 614, 852, 811, 561, 127, 207, 406, 615, 888, 391, 691, 470, 911, 401, 137, 600, 478, 682]

The values that Arithmetica is looking at are:

Mean

Minimum

Maximum

Range

The people of Arithmetica have another issue: they don't believe in the built-in functions (sum, len, max, min, sort, etc.) that Python provides. With the help of functions you design, try to convince the people from Arithmetica that both the outputs (the results generated by your custom functions and the functions that Python Provides) are the same.

Note:

File name ‘Lab 03.ipynb’
Update README.md file with the question and link to the file.
Submission in Moodle should have the .ipynb File and the URL to the file in GitHub.
Additional Task:

Those who are able to complete this work on for Mode & Median as well.

LINK: https://github.com/AnushyaFranicisca/MScDSA-MDS171-23122008-Anushya/blob/main/LAB03.ipynb